HOME


WORK
IDEA: How can I add voxel models as voxels? e.g. I torch is really voxel model, but it would be handy to have it as just a voxel(oxel).
IDEA: Have clouds flow like a liquid

TODO: Backside of water oxels
TODO: Fix fire animation around wood so that it can work with any voxel. Is it a double voxel? Is there a limit to the amound of faces an oxel can have?
TODO: Head needs to turn up and down with camera.
TODO: Limit camera angle when in first person?

FIX: Torch attachment to hand doesnt dispose correctly
FIX: Brightness doesnt spread correctly

DRAGON
IMPROVE: Dragon: Needs idle animation, being stopped plays walk animation now
IMPROVE: Dragon: Needs walk animation
TODO:  Dragon: Dragon fire should only melt an oxel for a few turns, then it turns back solid. And when it flows, it doesnt leave anything behind.
FIX: Change the model for dragon breath so its not cannon
FIX: Give each breath its own sound
FIX: When dragon hits something, it pops to the top of object
FIX: After landing goes back to flying too easy.

ZEPPELIN
TODO: Add new hud
TODO: Add ammo store and ammount
TODO: Add particles to cannon fire

CANNON
TODO: Break the ammo description out into its own json file for reuse.

PARTICLE
FIX: Particles should be UNLIT, not lights
TODO: All(Many) particles should share the same vertex manager, and maybe a modified rendering loop?

WATER
FIX: Faces getting generated for when larger water oxel is next to smaller solid oxel
TODO: Water faces next to solid should be inverted, arg, how does this work with FIX above? have to split oxel?

TEST
IMPROVE: Dragon: Starts going TOO fast when diving.

LIGHTING
FIX: Lights not spreading correctly

TYPEINFO: Add an fullbright flag to types.

VERTEXINDEXMANAGER
FIX: Oxels appear to not already being removed. I just saw a oxel with no quads in addComponentData

COMPLETED
FIX: Dragon: Wings not right after taking off
FIX: Dragon Fire breath uses RED, yuck! Change to Lava or Fire
FIX: Lagging after hitting dragon breath on stone
TODO: I notice a large frame rate hit the frame after I redraw a bunch of oxels, what give?

Goal: to become a 100 million dollar a year game studio in 5 years
SWOT:
Strengths:
14 years of experience leading virtual worlds projects, leading successful software projects for 25 years.
Product in alpha stage so dev risk is low
located in lower cost and area with tax breaks for game dev
licenseing opportunities
Designed from start to be mobile ready
Untapped market space.
Data driven design
Browser based
International market possibilities
increadible customizable world

Weaknesses:
Single person studio
No connections to online publications
limited testing at scale
some dependancy on online service providers (player.io aka yahoo game network)

Opportunities
Minecraft exposed a 250 million opportunity which could be a billion dollar opportunity
steam punk space under targeted.

Threats
Adobe Flash is 5-10 years from end of lifecycle
While other next generation voxel engines exist. None are targeted toward this space currently.